What are you blowing?
It's broken, and now you're the only one left.
Has this cancer spread throughout the egg?
You said you could pull him back from hell
Are you crazy?
If I can cure it
If you can cure it
I will give you my mental hospital
And get down on your knees and kowtow 3,000 times
You said that yourself.
I said so.
I don't believe it anymore
This person is about to die
If Chinese medicine can cure it
Then we Western medicine experts don't eat shit
Then you just wait.
Then if you can't cure it
If it can't be cured, I'll cut off an arm
It's a deal.
Righteous Silver Needle
Oh you go out first
My medical skills
Keep it secret, Dr. Ye
I believe you.
Please be sure to cure Dad's illness and leave it to me
I'll remind you again.
If my dad has a problem, I'll go out
I can't cure you when you go out, wait and see
Just wait to die